Feature/history api and static pages (#2577)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`master`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/master)

> - Replaced `react-router` hash history with browser history and improved the navigation in order to generate static files with `react-snap` ([#2577](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2577)

Reviewer: We generally don't document docs changes, but in this case it's a big enough event it might make sense. I would change the wording a bit.

```suggestion
- Changed the docs site build to output a static site using  `react-router` hash history in combination with `react-snap` ([#2577](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2577)
```
